we're going to wrap up USA BMX is Stars
and Stripes Nationals in South Park
Pennsylvania if you've never been to the
Stars and Stripes Nationals in
Pittsburgh I highly recommend you put
that on your BMX bucket list to answer
the question from last week I guess I
kind of like place this question in here
what was my first pro race my first pro
race was the NBL Stars and Stripes
Nationals back in 2006 I was 16 years
old have an interesting story for my
first ever pro race is 16 head head gate
one Ariel Martin was in the gate to and
amanda giving had told me like you got
to hold your line like you're gonna come
out of gate one she's like you're gonna
be going fast into that first turn she's
like you need to make sure you hold your
line in turn and I was like okay so I
come out of gate going fast on the first
straight away and here's Ariel over here
and I'm over here and we're closed we go
into the turn like this and I hope I
line and just hit Ariel like that all I
remember was get out hold your line stay
straight and that's what I didn't end up
blowing things up that's my first pro
race is great memories now and that's
why I kind of hold South Park a little
special place in my heart recapping
Saturday's race and then in the main
event Don had picked John picked gate
one and I pig ate two we came out and
Dom just had enough on me that going in
the first time she took the lead and
through the rest of the track I was
trying to reel her in but I doms got a
lot of power set on sunday after the
elite men's quarters started raining a
lot of these international riders that
rat South Park have world championships
in about three weeks leet women it was
our third round and for elite men it was
their quarters for sunday for elite
women was based off of our third round
time but have a really good third round
posted a fast time and I ended up
posting the fastest time out of rac1 in
rat too so I took first on Sunday Dom
took second in anime
it took third and just want to say thank
you guys for watching the vlog it's kind
of short this week I didn't really get
much video but I really do appreciate
you guys watching next week I promise
I'll make it up to you Thank are often
earlier on to a vaguely got the 454 into
the hood Carly's way to turn over see
the line is gonna be a Manticore there
for the one free software to still
shopping
Oh
look days we had a gate we got
take in the high road and again it take
the high road trying to the back